oh is it a murder or an accident
summer is meant for long walks along the
beach at sunset isn't it let's not
forget barbecues and feeling too hot to
be productive at work but it's mostly
about those sunset walks you never know
what you're going to see the world is so
full of magic and wonders and holy cow a
dead clown I mean we all know that he
who laughs last laughs longest so yeah I
guess his last laugh will last an
eternity okay please pardon my dark
sense of humor maybe we can still help
him uh excuse me sir
I've got these tickets for your next
show do I get a reimbursement or why hmm
not even the word reimbursement welcome
up this guy must be dead after all
should I stay or should I go well mama
always says I have great analytical
skills so maybe it's worth a try let's
investigate this crime scene so we have
a clown here
poor thing we have some lovely
decorations scattered around the area oh
my I wanted to get those for my living
room for ages what gorgeous details okay
it's not about the home decor back to
the murder investigation or was it
murder after all let's see what the
evidence tells us there are clear traces
of a car it looks like it stopped here
and then turned around clumsily and
moved away from the beach ah I spy a
book hmm let's get closer to read the
title a book of potions what is it
some Harry Potter trick is there some
abracadabra stuff going on oh wait that
was a spell and potions work or let's
say kill differently and the victim whoa
what is that coming right for us from
the sky
run Oh abort mission this might be to
delivery yeah I ordered some pizza
because scientists have proved that
pepperoni stimulates the thinking
process what it doesn't really well I
still love it look around a bit while I
recharge my brain batteries by the way
can we move back to that spot in the sky
where the pizza came from ah that's a
bunch of balloons and they didn't fly
too far away how could they with all
those holes in them they look like
gunshot holes ooh there must have been
some real action going on here what is
that lovely Heaven Sent music it makes
me want to sing along or meditate so
relaxing oh it's a cell phone let me
pick it up let's scroll down the khalwa
don't pick up don't pick up hmm not a
great name for your best friend more
like for your enemy maybe the murderer
was calling our poor clown victim before
the event or was it even his phone hmm
let's move around a bit in the right
direction
ranked is always right you know oh these
puns make me feel a bit better because
well I'm not big on crime scenes oh yeah
we still don't know if it was a cry do
you have any guesses so far putting all
those clues together
oh my those eggs look enormous that must
have been some seriously huge hen that
brought those to life those are
literally the size of a hand let me
think for a second I think we all know
that let me think for a second is code
these days for let me Google this real
quick and pretend to have actually
remembered the answer Oh
sales alert now I can go crazy on orange
juice oh sorry
got distracted back to Google business
so huge eggs egg hunt surprise no I
think we're talking about bird eggs here
yeah that looks more like it ostrich
eggs
good good now I'm even more confused
well let's look around once again
balloons in the sky stuck in a tree
gorgeous sunset colors whoa what's that
that was clearly a little airplane
flying by and they had either a camera
with a huge lens to zoom in on us or a
gun with a zoom is someone spying on us
that they want to check if the deed was
done could it be a rescue operation well
I have too many unanswered questions now
the beach a clown has dead ostrich eggs
thanks Google a book of potions a phone
whose owner clearly received many
unwanted calls balloons and all that
nice decor can you figure out what
happened here the comments section is
all yours to share your explanations
will tell you the right answer in one of
our next riddle videos and don't worry
if this all smells funny it's just the
clown decomposing well there goes my
dark sense of humor again sorry about
that
hey challenge your friends to figure
this out with you and stay with us on
the bright side of life to find out the
answer
[Music]